doc(release) Release notes oss 23.10 nov25 (#4847)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-23.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 23.10.29

Release date: `November 17, 2025`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Authentication] Password change attempts are now logged in a dedicated log file.

> - [Authentication] When a user is authenticated using an IdP, the password fields no longer appear when editing a contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Authentication] When users are authenticated using an IdP, the password fields no longer appear when editing a contact.
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Security fixes</summary>

- [Security] Fixed an RCE on poller reload page.
- [Security] Securized backup script to prevent command injections.
- [Vulnerability] Fixed XSS in Configuration > Hosts > hostgroups.	
- [Vulnerability] Fixed XSS in the ACL Menus Access page.
- [Vulnerability] Fixed XSS in the Hosts Configuration page.

> - [Vulnerability] Fixed XSS in the Recurrent Downtimes page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Vulnerability] Fixed several XSS vulnerabilities. 
```
